Now in this section, we will be talking about promises and about futures.
Until now, you are aware of several ways of passing
data to the thread but only during the startup phase.
Now, when you fire a thread using a lambda function for example,
we can pass it some information using various capture options,
and the same basically holds for variadic templates.
But the drawback of these approaches is that the information
only flows from the parent thread which is main,
for example, to the worker thread.
Now in this section, we want to look at the way to pass data in the opposite direction,
that is from the worker thread back to the parent thread in our case the mean function.
There is such a mechanism available in C++,
a tool that we can use for this purpose,
which acts as a single use channel between the threads.
Now, the sending of the channel is called promise,
while the receiving end is called future.
You will soon see how this concept can be used to pass
both data as well as exceptions from workup to parent thread.
Now, please take a look and see you again down below.